[Speaker 1] On this Monday hasty treat, we are going to be playing a mini round of stumped where Wes and I try to stump each other with questions on various tech. Now today we are going to be doing a quick round of TypeScript stumped, which I'm slightly not looking forward to because Wes has been working on a long course on TypeScript and I just use it casually. And so, I mean, I use it to develop my things, but I'm no, I'm no like a, you know, TypeScript genius or anything.

[Speaker 2] Into the weeds.

[Speaker 1] Yes. So be prepared for potentially four big red X's on this. 

[Speaker 2] Yeah. No, I'm not. I'm not going to do like a, how do you key of infer a record conditionally because like that's a whole nother level of, of TypeScripting. This is more just like user features that, that we'll be talking about today, but a couple, couple little nuggets. We're going to do four questions each. So hopefully between all of the eight things you can learn a thing or two. 

[Speaker 1] Yeah. If you are not using TypeScript, you're probably going to have bugs and your software. We don't want your software to have bugs. 

[Speaker 2] Well, I use TypeScript and I have bugs.

[Speaker 1] If you're using TypeScript, your software probably has bugs. Yeah. It, you know, this is the nature of things and that's why you need a service like Sentry to help you out. This podcast is presented by Sentry. That's really awesome software for just making sure your applications run smooth, whether that's speed, size, bugs, user experience. 

[Speaker 2] Yeah. Perf. 

[Speaker 1] Yeah. Perf. 

[Speaker 2] We had, we had some rage clicks. Yeah. Sorry. Let me, don't stop the ad read yet, Scott. Let me tell you about my rage clicks the other day. We had somebody on the website and I got an email and they had a couple of rage clicks and then a dead click. And Sentry does this detection of when somebody clicks on something and there's no noticeable change in the UI, like nothing happened. That's a dead click. And then if someone does that repeatedly, that's a rage click and it shows it in the playback. And that's really interesting because you can watch, it's a 15 minute progress of somebody. So obviously there's something, something going on there that they were obviously trying to click something and it wasn't working. And I was able to play it back and kind of see what was going on with the user and figure out what actually caused this specific error. So check it out. Anyways. 

[Speaker 1] Yeah. No, no. I think that's important because you know what, let's just talk about Sentry here. One nice thing about Sentry is that they get developer stuff. So like whether that is the concept of a rage click or their fact that your most viewed pages, if they're slow, they give them a user misery score. Like how upset your users are that this page, which is accessed frequently is slow. So I just love that stuff. So Sentry.io forward slash syntax, sign up. If you, if you ever talked to anybody at Sentry, tell them that you heard about it from syntax because Hey, that makes us look really good.

[Speaker 2] By the way, speaking of really good, our landing page, Sentry.io forward slash syntax. That's a new landing page. Looks super good. 

[Speaker 1] Yeah. Check it out. 

[Speaker 2] All right. Enough of that. Let's get into some questions. You want to go first? 

[Speaker 1] I would love to go first. All right. I'd love to go first. Here's, here's my first question for you. How do you combine string literal types? Combine string literal types. Maybe give a, what a string literal type is for folks too. I mean, you don't have to, but. 

[Speaker 2] A string literal type is a, when you use back ticks in TypeScript.
